 https://codepen.io/chriswestberg57/pen/YzXaMMe?editors=1100
 
 Review Questions
 1. What is Semantic HTML?
 Answer: Semantic HTML is used to provide meaning to the content on a web page.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
Answer: HTML is used to add content and structure to the content. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An attribute is used to provide more detail to an element and is put in the opening tag. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
Answer: An H1 tag is used for the biggest header on the page. Normally, an H1 tag should only be used once. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Answer: the anchor tag and the image tag. 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Answer: we put any code that is not part of the actual content (i.e. HTML, head, div)
    7. What is an id? 
Answer: An ID is used to specify an element to be used for better designing in CSS.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Answer: An ID can be added to any element on the page. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Answer: An ID should only be used once on a page.
    10. What is a class? 
Answer: A class is used to add specifity to more than one item on a page. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Answer: A class can be added to any element on the page. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Answer: A class can be used as many times as needed. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Answer: You add the attribute target:_blank. 
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
Answer: The alt attribute is used to add a description of your image. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
Answer: You reference an ID in CSS by using the # symbol. 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Answer: A section is used for specifying in line elements. A div is used to specify a blocked element in the HTML code. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
Answer: CSS is used to give color or design to the content on the page. CSS determines where elements should go and how they should look. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
Answer: We select all the H2 elements, for instance, by typing h2 at the beginning of our CSS selector. 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
Answer: A class is used for more than one element on a page and an 
ID is used to specify one element on a page. Lets say you want to add borders to several images on a webpage, 
but you want every border to be a different syle. You can use the class "image" to specify that you are selecting 
the images for their borders, but you use the ID "img1", "img2", etc. to identify which specific image you want to use. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
Answer: Classes are selected by using a period before the name of the class (i.e. .images). 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
Answer: .human p {
    code
}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
Answer: A parent child selector is used to specify a child within a parent element (see answer for previous question).
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
Answer: div .class a {
    code
}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
Answer: A pseudo selector is a CSS selector that specifies what happens to an element when an action is done to it (i.e. hover, click, visited). 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Answer: line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Answer: letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
Answer: transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border-width: 1px;
        border-color: black;
        border-style: dotted;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {
        code
    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* This is how you would format a comment in CSS!*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
Answer: The find function. 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
Answer: You use the LS function. 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
Answer: You can use the rm function. You must be careful 
        because it is permanent and there is no warning for this function. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
Answer: Version control is a lot more versatile in functionality.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
Answer: You should commit to github every time you make a change. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
Answer: push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Answer: When you have a project, you must first make your copy of the project by forking it.
You will then put it onto its own branch by using checkout -b. After doing whatever code needs 
to be done to the project, you will add the file to the branch, commit it, and then push it back onto the web. 
You will then create a pull request on github. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 